Yes, Shi Yu, I am your father
You read it right, you lied to me.
You really lied to me
You really are the head of the four families
Mischievous and tyrant
I am free to think
Then why do you want to treat my brother's subordinates?
Five poisons still don't eat
No drugs
Do you know who this business double is?
Ah, I just wanted to bring him in
If we don't bring him in today
He took all the information and we're all done
I don't care who he is.
But why can you leave me alone, Your Excellency?
I believe in this business double homing magic
Are you okay with him now?
It's just terrible.
Terrible you are enough
It's not your turn to say
You always find him Wushuang to settle accounts, okay?
I want to settle accounts with you too
Should I call you Duan Lao?
I should still call you and Tianba
It's up to you.
To hell
Call it whatever you like
Hahahaha
Then do you think it's me who is going to hell today?
Or are you going to hell?
As expected of the descendants of your Ye family
You also had
Talk to me like this
But he's already dead
20 years. 20 years
Hahahaha